good morning good afternoon, good evening, and you're welcome
anyone that you are speaking is rock
English with one plus one more frog
a series
I bet you were feeling the
my lack
it's not ours
well this one is going to have some some
very simple modes but they can
being half heavy of the pc
well I 'm here with one with a lot of
shadows can improve greatly and this
here there are more effects
improve you and your world if it
It's too heavy, we can not.
leave it alone and take
is lighter
I do not understand, the fucking do not understand
Look, look, this is what this looks like.
they humbled much in contrast and
It was very strange to play.
not worth it ah I can leave
beautiful to see that I do not cut very handsome
Which I think looks ugly.
I'm going to take nice, nice guys, great.
perfect water and sic for me is the best
The younger one with him just does not record much
with him
it does not have that shape either
you become the camera of your character but
he looks great great and lets go to the
next time I do not want to run away from
stay big understands does not understand and does not
I understand too much lighting or do not understand
why the coolest lighting that
let this movement in the trees
that getting nice and nice house
So it's going to be more or less like that for
You, but it will not disturb anything.
Why are we fucking fears?
about more obese this is it
I do not know, I did not see any crap.
change then it stopped there is a movement
of the leaves
honey
so if you do not like the moves
sheet is making you very light.
then take off that bucci and you can
help a lot
Now let's see if this one is going to see
that's because I do not know either
great and I know it's really fucking old
problem that requires too much of your
video galley
has a good relation to the movement in
leaves great combination of new stands
great
we became cute and it gets very
sexy
Only when we're going to break, is it?
With this or whatever your name is
so let's go to the next mode and
if it will require a little more of your board
guys are going to enter the water is the same
This is very interesting because
We 're going here if I'm going back here.
Let's go to the next one next.
stanzas here I'm seeing nothing much
that's where this is also what a
I play a lot because then I think a lot
cold is this movement for us will turn
So is it has motion and is
movement on the leaves
the character was blonde is not good
so we are very slow very good
if you liked s / a and you liked this
posture
oh no
Caraca needed such rudeness.
so let's go the next do not understand
I really do not understand, I did not see
A lot of things stayed on the picture.
Lighting, I can not but have many
things have up to do not have a move
of the leaves is interesting this one is
more for lightweight
is lighter when you place the
movement of the leaves can see that
there are clouds the sun does not have only
feature attention on this does not
it reaches the sun, which neither I
I knew it was a place nearby that I
I do not play much I'm in a hurry
I'm not too rushed that it's too
stop will be lighter to stay longer
age for you
he knows shape when you see him
for with these sheets not
this year and also has the clouds
the good and interesting clouds and the sun is
of course I think it's more important
well this one does not have that figure
When you see him by the way, here it is.
focused on water but even so the water
It was not so good that the front is
weird strange medium does not have a
moving on the next leaves
getting to know geek
good this one is very good but this one
You do not know if it's because the sun comes out
although I think so, but this one has
a great deal of great effects like that
say on call works
Thank you. Thank you for giving me your things.
so it's very good this effect does not have
nothing wrong you can use do not know if
it's so light
if your benefit anaceu pinto feeling
Come on let's get this one with me soon.
I went with one of the ones I liked the most
stay with rock no no no and me too
I put a mold more than the op fine
It can improve a lot for you there and it's
the receipt then thanks guys the video
It's getting here, I wanted to see you so much.
on top to try to escape to the galley
Rapidão guys guys I forgot to
I'll tell you something about that too.
came with some textures packages of
textures
so you may be testing each one
it was just a quick press release so
continued to do what he was doing
So it's okay, people, the video is getting
here and until the next
went